Hello again from downtown Los Angeles, next to MacArthur Park, which once again is melting
in the dark.
All that sweet green icing is blowing down, some of us might cake out in the rain.
Let's welcome everybody.
Thanks for coming down to Dynasty Typewriter, Harmontown is once again in session.
Oh yeah, Spencer Crittenden to the stage, Spencer Crittenden.
Hell yeah, let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, okay, yo, yo, north, south, east and west, north, south,
east and west, fuck your momma, came on her chest, okay, yeah, anyway, it went south
immediately.
As soon as you mentioned the directions, the whole thing goes south.
I only wrote one thing down, I was at a party on Sunday and it was yesterday, and I know.
One of mine is telling me, we were talking about a mutual friend of ours, and I was like,
how's he doing?
Oh, he's good, like, you know, we were talking about, we're all the same age, you know, mid-40s
and this other person's a creative, and I was like, you know, is he self-sufficient?
Can he afford to, what's he doing?
Oh, he's on that one show, but he's also, you know, he's doing this and that, and I'm
like, is it, well, yeah, where's he at?
Like, is he scared of the future, or what is he, and I don't know why I'm teeing this
up so much, we were just talking about our friend and his, like, situation or whatever
that wasn't there, and my friend goes, he goes, you know, and he's got his daughter,
his kid's all grown up, and she just got out of Yale, but I thought he said jail, but the
crazy thing is how long the conversation continued, identically, because it was like, she's just
got a, she's got a Yale, and you know, that's hundreds of thousands of dollars, I'm like,
oh yeah, of course, like, how long was she in?
Four years, Jesus, all right, well, I, like, so, I mean, is she, and is she even going
to be able to get a job, like, you know, these days, it went on and on, and I was like, until
I finally, like, was like, is she in jail or prison, and he's like, what, Yale, oh, okay,
that's kind of funny, I just make no difference, no difference at all, just a fucked up situation
to be in as a father.
Yeah, she was hanging out with white supremacists, again, you can't tell, Yale or jail, you
don't know what to do.
Yeah, but he'll be fine, he's fine, yay, it sounds like, and I had some, I had some,
some of that juicy, juicy rice, what was that, what's that stuff Dino makes, that garlicky
rice?
What?
Yeah.
What's that?
It's like an orzo kind of pasta dish with the tomato kind of sauce, it's very good.
That sounds pretty good.
Yeah, I love it.
You took food now.
You threw a little Kefalotiri or some Azithra on that, you ready to go?
Oh, of course.
Have you guys seen the, the, the, the, the Holmes and Watson movie?
Uh, you got, I mean, the first five minutes is like worth $30.
I was, I was drunk granted, but like, I, I was like, like crying, not just from laughing,
but also like emotion, like, like, like there's this like opening where the, where it's like
the origin of Sherlock Holmes meeting Watson and like, it's, it's, I can't even remember
the details, I just, I was like shrieking, laughing.
Is this the Robert Downey Jr. kind of thing?
No, no, this is the Will Ferrell, uh, uh, yeah, it, it, it then, it's just like after,
it's like the first five minutes, like deserves an Academy Award for like a comedic opening
about, about a Sherlock Holmes movie.
It's just like, it's, it's, it's such a great, it promises so much.
I don't know what happened.
Who knows.
I didn't even look at the credits.
I don't, is that an Adam and Kay movie?
I don't know.
It probably is.
Yeah.
Cause it's the Gary Sanchez title card.
Uh, but yeah, I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm such a fan of that, of that circle, I don't even, I just want to focus on what's
good.
I don't want to, I don't want to.
Did you watch the whole thing?
Yeah.
Well, no, we actually stopped.
I mean, that is really, I, I, I, I have enough respect for that camp that I'm, I, I assume
they will not be offended, but they, they must know that that, that something happened
there and the stinker got made, but, but I do, I, I just, I don't want to be a snoot
about it.
I just want to say, holy shit, best first five minutes of a fucking Sherlock Holmes story
ever.
It's so, it's so cool.
So if I'm on a plane, I'll just pop that in and watch the cold open.
It's so worth it, man.
I would almost, almost argue that it's worth like the whatever it costs on Apple TV, certainly
the rental, rent it for the 3.99 or whatever it is.
Maybe don't buy it.
You're a millennial.
You've, you've got enough problems.
There Vice's article about how you ever see that porn genre, the, what's it called detective?
The rent is due.
What's it called?
It's like a property, property bros or no, it's pro, it's like property, something,
property sluts or property, sorry ladies.
Property sex workers.
No, it's, it's, it's, it's property, yeah, property, something, something like that.
It's like the vice angle on it was millennials have a new genre of porn based on how broke
they are because it's just people, it's like people either taking advantage of desperate
realtors.
It's all fictional, of course, but where it's like tenants that are getting evicted in it.
It's just sort of like it's a genre of porn about encroaching poverty.
Lay Ms. porn.
I've, I've, I've, I've watched several.
Sure.
Did we ever talk about me getting into strap on porn?
No.
I feel like we, no, I, I, no, no, I think we've kind of breezed over that sometimes.
Right.
There was sort of a rush.
There's like, it's, it's, it's really because of the high definition, like it's girl on
girl and it's like, I think it's like Russian or something and like they, but they wear
a lot of pantyhose and I'm like, I have a fetish in that, that area.
But then it's like they use the pantyhose to like hold in a strap on.
It's not a strap on.
It's called, it's called strapless dildo action.
How does it attach?
Bros.
How does it stay attached?
What do they, they, they tie up, they tie some hose around the edge of the dildo.
They kind of like, I think, I think there's a thing called field does.
Sure.
Ring a bell.
Of course.
Because there's, it's not strapped on.
It's actually, there's, it's inserted on the other, on the host side.
It's a double dildo.
Such so that you're feeling it as you're using it.
So it's not, you know, it's, I think it more passes the Beck Deltest as a strap, as a,
as a, as a girl on girl, like a penetrative instrument.
It's more like, hey, this is, this isn't just about pretending there's a dick here.
This is like, this is about feeling good.
Oh man.
Rob Schrab everybody.
Oh yeah.
Hey Rob.
Hello Jeff.
Rob, you've got a mysterious package in your lap there.
It's a field dough.
Yes.
No.
It is, it is, that, that could be the exact size of a box for, for a large, a large sex
toy.
It's like, hey, stuff of what Dan was saying, I thought, there's an opening, man.
I'm going to go for it.
An opening.
Get it?
All right.
Yeah.
Well, we got a guest tonight.
So, okay.
If you're going to do this.
Do you want to explain what this is?
Is it a box that you showed me in the, I guess we should start with our text conversation.
Because you're, it's important for me to let people know what an asshole you are.
You know, some of you may know that Rob, I coat, my, my fiance took a pretty nice photo
of me at a hotel in Pasadena, looking handsome and happy.
Is there any way we could put it up on, on the screen?
It doesn't matter.
No.
I think the audience would like to know what you're talking about.
Woo.
Is there any way?
Chris is our way to put that image up on the, if we thought of that before, there definitely
would have been a way.
Jumbotron?
It doesn't matter.
It's a podcast.
I've given up on the visuals.
I've given up on a lot of things and I had a rare moment of happiness at a hotel in Pasadena.
Cody captured it and I was looking very handsome and she called me a snack.
Right.
Which is a, which is a reference used by the, the boys from Hollywood Handbook, who I believe
are going to be guesting on the show next week.
Oh.
Excited.
Wow.
I think so.
And so Cody, yeah, it was nice.
And then Rob took the photo and he used, like in his very juvenile, you know, color marker
way.
He put lipstick and eye makeup and a ponytail and a purse on me and, and breasts.
But the purse was so crudely drawn that he had to write the word purse on an arrow pointing
to the purse.
Yeah.
I was using my finger.
I couldn't tell from the lettering.
I thought you had a special stylus.
I was sure you were using a Cintiq tablet.
No.
He used his fucking ape finger and his dumb old man phone probably has the, the disability
settings on Zoom so he can read text from his long suffering life.
Can't please continue then what happened?
So he made this photo and then he put it and then he, and then he immediately started selling
it on a t-shirt called Dan Harmon and his purse t-shirt.
If you, if you have a phone, if you have a phone, maybe take a second to go to my Instagram
Rob Schrab and just see what we're talking about since we can't have, have this.
And if you want to buy a t-shirt, go ahead because it's, it's, it's going down.
It's only up for another 24 hours.
Oh wow.
You only have another 24 hours to own this piece of history.
You could actually, you could actually sue him, Dan.
You know, people aren't allowed to profit off of your image without your consent.
He won't do it.
So today at 6.44 p.m. he texted me, I deserve a ride to the show tonight.
And I said, you mocked me online in front of the dozens to three dozen people that follow
you.
And he said, sold 25 shirts.
And I said, undercut a decade of work toward gender equality.
And he said, you're welcome.
And he said, Cody and Kate, he did it.
I'll be out front at 7.30.
And I said, parentheses, hearted.
He meant to say hearted.
They heated it.
No, I didn't.
What did they heat it with, fucking, shut up, stupid.
So, and then he got in the car at 7.30 and with this box and it says, it's from Mike
Cravello's world.
Yes.
Which is a camera shop in Milwaukee celebrating their 50th anniversary this year.
And if you know us, you know that we love the song, that there's a great local ad that
have a wonderful jingle that we adore.
When you're thinking cameras, there's a world of things to see.
We've got a choice from a wide selection of the highest quality and the staff of professional
people dedicated to serving you.
So when you're thinking cameras, one place stands alone.
Mike Cravello's world has got that extra something, a service and quality.
A warm and friendly world, reflecting our lives through photography.
Mike Cravello's world is a wonderful world of cameras.
Happy 50th anniversary.
My parents worked in the film industry in Milwaukee.
And by that, I mean, my dad kind of mopped floors at this place where they had chemical
vats and they would process film and my mom spliced stuff.
My dad kind of worked his way up to sales and things.
But a place called Kluge Communications, I think it was called.
And that's where my parents worked.
And so they would go to Mike Cravello's Christmas party.
It was kind of like a who's who of Milwaukee's film community kind of thing.
Oh, the fucking happened there.
I just really does seem, I remember my parents coming home and going, whoa, that Mike Cravello's
world is fucking crazy.
I was like, what do you mean?
They're like ice sculptures and there was a live python.
It just sounded very fondue orgy.
I always pictured Mike Cravello as like this Robert Evans.
Anyways, his world is a wonderful world of cameras.
Wonderful world of cameras.
Anyway, on my way back from Atlanta, where I was shooting Creepshow, which is coming
to Shutter this fall, I stopped home in Milwaukee and went to dinner with my family.
And on the way, Mike Cravello's was there and I said, I got fucking good at Mike Cravello's.
I walked in, talked it, chatted up with the with the team.
They showed me around, showed me behind the scenes.
They seem like they're dedicated to serving you.
Yeah, they were dedicated.
And this afternoon when I came home, this box was waiting for me from Mike Cravello's.
And I haven't opened it up yet.
And to bring some showmanship to this show, this dead elephant, this snog, to bring it
back to entertain some of these people for once.
I'm going to open what slog snog snog like the British slang for kissing.
I'm going to open this box on live podcast, okay, well, you know, so fucking mics are
expensive, man.
So Robert's having a little difficulty with the tape.
I don't think he's trying.
You know, you're building a suspense.
Yeah, you're like, you're like, like Johnny Carson, like Karnak, opening the envelope,
you know, we got a, we lost a, you're not even trying.
You want me to procure you like a blade or something like that?
It sounds like he doesn't want that.
Okay.
You got enough to pull now.
You got enough to pull.
All right.
That's piece of tape never won.
When you're sinking cameras, there's a world of things to see.
I told her, I guess, you know, we usually talk for 10 minutes and then I'll bring you
out.
Oh, there's no, there's no clock.
Did you ever fight with somebody?
My dad sued my mom for twenty thousand dollars.
Are you sure you're allowed to talk about this in front of people?
I don't care.
I hope they both die.
Oh, no, but when my parents split up, my dad, like, I don't think this is going to follow
that.
So yeah, I'm going to open this a little quicker and we can get back to save that story.
Let's put a bit in that because you're going to go and I hate each other and I've never
done it and they used to beat me on Christmas, I'm going to go, it's a napkin.
That sounds like the best possible way things could go.
Well, I could eulogize John Singleton, Generation X legend, who's taken from us way too early
today at the age of 51.
I guess he had a stroke in April and his family had to make a terrible decision today to take
him off life support.
He was the youngest director ever in the history of the Academy Awards to be nominated.
I thought it was 24 with boys in the hood, but maybe he was 24 when he got nominated.
I don't know, maybe he was 23 when he made it.
But at least you've stopped to correct me.
Keep going.
Well, it's probably important to people who keep track of these fucking records.
Which I read online, 23.
Also the first African-American to be nominated in that category, but we don't see race at
Harmontown.
We only see youth.
Which is the only thing that matters to us.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's a sign.
Wrapped in plastic.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Get out of plastic.
They couldn't find a smaller box for that?
It's two signs.
What a day.
One for me and one for Spencer.
Oh.
Yes.
Can we come over here?
Can we come in here?
Can we take all three ads and fill in the NASCAR, would you put, like, one?
Yeah, that's good.
Just hold it like that for however long he talks.
There's nothing else in that box like maybe a camera.
Is there a letter?
Look, yeah, look, keep looking at the car.
I'm looking.
It looks empty.
That's empty.
It's pretty empty.
So he just gave you advertising.
That's great as a forest of trees died for that box.
You could definitely have put these in an envelope.
These are a forest.
There you go.
There we go.
Big logo.
I think John Singleton was 23.
Yeah, that's what I read, too.
I don't know why he's got his head up his ass all the time.
You got a couple of years, I'll explain it to you.
Okay.
Well, our first guest.
Our next guest is a self-made internet curator of mirth and frivolity.
He's the founder of Overheard in LA, which is an Instagram that's majorly followed.
He went on to become the founder of many franchises to Thingamabobs that sprung out from that,
but made himself out of dirt without permission, just like somebody I know named Dan Harmon.
Please welcome the Dan Harmon of Instagram, Jesse Margolis.
I'm not that good at introductions.
I'm sorry, Jesse.
Come on, move down, Mike.
What's up, Jesse?
Hello.
Thanks for creating Overheard LA.
What's the username if you want to follow it on Instagram?
It's Overheard LA.
It is Overheard LA.
We've got a bunch now, but yeah, that was the first child.
I commented today, and in the past, I got to retract this now, as I said in my comment
today, because I was like, in the past, I have seen one.
I guess people have a visceral reaction when they think one is fake.
First of all, let's give a classic example, whether it's your favorite or you just think
it's like a classic Overheard LA quote.
I think my all-time favorite is, you can't be vegan in jail.
I don't know if that's true, but in Yale, I don't know if you can be vegan in Yale.
There was one yesterday, but in the past, I remember seeing one, and I can't remember
which one I saw, where I was like, I hate it when they're fake.
I had this visceral reaction, I feel like my job is to police, like, that one's fake.
It comes out of a place of love, because the joy isn't like, oh, this is a hilariously
written thing.
The joy isn't really believing that this was genuinely, this was Overheard, and then I
guess it trips a kind of anger in people that I can attest to when it meets our definition
of phony or something, or like, this one's fake.
But the weird thing is, I'm never doing it again, because I saw one the other day, yesterday,
it was like a kid on a plane, like a four-year-old on a plane or something, and the kid says,
Alexa, fly me up into the sky now, is the kid saying that, and everyone's like, this
is fucking real thing.
People don't, I mean, it was 10 years ago, Jeff said he saw some kid at the airport pinching
and zooming a magazine cover, like, of course these larvae think that, I think I wrote,
I'm just surprised the plane didn't shoot up in the air and land like a fucking lawn
dart.
Jesse, how are they, how is that curated?
People submit them, and then there's a team of people that select the ones that go up
on the grains?
Yes, there's a bipedal Jewish Instagram account sitting right here that goes through it, no,
we have a team of people, but in terms of the LA account, I go through it.
So we get submissions, you know, we aren't journalists, you know, I don't, and I don't
know what that means that's, yeah, I mean, well you can't, because sometimes there was
another recent one, for instance, where it was a, no, you have, like, I'm like obsessed
with your show, and you have like the canon of a fucking meme account.
There was one where there was like a guest talking to a host at a restaurant, and then
people were like, that was a really mean thing to say or something like that, and then this
will happen a lot, like in the comments, a person who was involved with the quote, which
doesn't surprise me, because that's probably a person that submitted or whatever, and they
go like, oh, that was me, actually, and the host was my friend, and they were kind of
razzing me, but it was like, oh, and then someone overheard it, and it's like, so it's
both true, but at the same time, it wasn't like a stranger, like taking the shit out
of a stranger, as maybe the overheard person thought, but...
Yeah, I think that it kills me, because obviously, when you create something, whether it's a
giant television show, or a podcast on stage, or whatever it is, you care about it.
We like to call it a snog.
You care about it, so I see those comments, and it's a little frustrating, because that's
a sort of white box, and people look at that white box for the last couple of years, those
who care enough to follow it, or whatever, and hopefully, they have their own moment
of imagination.
They know the location, they've met some douchebag like that, they've been that douchebag, whatever
it is, and yeah, the internet is a place for people to get angry, and you know.
Do you have a filter that you go through, like that you apply, do you see things, that's
probably somebody wrote that, that that seems too good to be true, or something like that?
I do the, I don't know what the word is, where you Google on Twitter, like Google, no you
like search on, you search on, yeah, like so basically if anything is too good, or it's
just too on point, we'll do a Google search, and I'll search on Twitter, which usually
where a lot of great comedians and smart people have been slamming away for the last 10 years,
and then we'll sort of post something, and I'll do a little browse of the comments.
I know sometimes we've posted stuff, and 20 minutes in, someone will be like, that's
from the Mindy shelf, and I'm like, okay, you know, obviously someone's had a similar
experience, or someone's tried to get on the account, so then we just delete it.
Is there a kind of, on the other end of that spectrum, is there, are there qualities criteria
that make for a particularly LA-ish quote, or you know, like someone's like, oh, now
that's an overheard LA gem.
Yeah, I mean, the problem with LA is it can be so magical, like I don't know if you're
familiar with Cafe Gratitude, I'm sure you're there daily, but it's a restaurant you go
to, and you sort of, you know, have to like, you know, say this mantra while you order
your like vegan slop.
And they write stuff, it's a very Pete Holmes, the restaurant, I think Pete Holmes loves
it.
And the names of the foods are all kind of like, I am Pete Murphy or something.
And, you know, Sparkle Joy, but like, it's very similar to Kendrick Lamar's, you know,
Album Damn, you know, like Humble and Love and stuff like that.
So, you know, I mean, there's specific things where, you know, it's the cocaine and the
vegans and the absurd.
It's that blend of self-care, it's self-loathing, self-obsession, like all the selfs, that's
the LA thing.
It's like, it's like, it's like people, people believing that, I mean, it's like the same
people talking about yoga, you know, who did ketamine last night kind of thing.
Yeah.
Yeah, or Yoda.
So, hopefully it's something that, you know, is relatable in the worst or the best way,
but isn't so tropey.
I think the LA account, like the New York account is sometimes, you know, more interesting
because New York's just a more forgiving place.
It's like, you can imagine anything happening in New York.
You can imagine someone on the street, you know, trying to give away an espresso machine.
Right.
Whereas in LA, you're like, no one talks to each other.
You know, you're not on the street.
Yeah.
New York's got the built-in, there's the blue collar guys that you wouldn't even believe
existed in LA.
Like, you could make one up in New York because it would be like, oh, excuse me, sir, where
can I feed my chihuahua?
And then some guy going, lady, I'm gonna eat that fucking thing, I'm lifting a stained
glass.
I don't know.
I've never been to New York.
Yeah, I mean, I worked at the Humane Society of New York and it was very similar to that.
But yeah, so in some ways, LA's, you know, it's a harder account to do because, you know,
you really want it to be special and there are these tropes because they're true.
Yeah.
We should tell the story about the creation of this just for a second.
It was like, 2016, you, I mean, is that the right year maybe?
Yeah, it was like late 2015.
You really just, as anyone might expect.
I mean, you just, you're just doing it, doing the thing.
I mean, it's some shit you overheard yourself personally.
Yeah, well, it started out, it started out, I mean, I don't know if it's interesting or
not, but it started off with me being pretty broke and spending a lot of time at Erwan,
which is, you know, the sort of elevated Whole Foods, you know, sort of like Daytime
Night Club where they sell like $24, you know, sprouted, you know, and it's nowhere backwards,
man.
It's not technically nowhere.
Yeah, it's good that it is.
I hate to see L.A. more.
Yeah, I gotta take it Erwan, it's really fucking terrible.
But I had sort of, someone had made me an Instagram account called ThinJewish, and this
was like when Instagram was first starting, and I didn't really know, you know, what Instagram
was, I didn't, I never put my face on social media, but I just started sort of using it
as an outlet for whatever desperate creative, you know, so I would do like Rorsch, I would,
you know, I had a little like barista and he would, I would do these Rorschach foam
latte interpretations or emoji book covers, and I would do like 12 likes.
And you know, I was just kind of messing around and I was sitting at Erwan and these
two women were talking, and they were talking about their friend Lisa, who was just obsessed
with Schwag, and she, like, her pipple was out of control, and so they had to freeze
their eggs.
And I was just like, I was just, you know, as we've all had that moment where you're
just sitting in public and a conversation just sort of comes to you, and you just sort
of, you know, just enjoy it.
So I just wrote it down and posted it on my account.
You talked backstage about, I think the interesting part of this story, because then it goes from
there, it's like, that's when you start to make people jealous and maybe draw some ire
from the self-starters in the audience that haven't self-started yet, because like, from
there it just like, it gets popular, and then you franchise it and you like, you got like
five employees because you got, there's overheard London, there's overheard New York, and then
you also do like these branded things with like Uber and what have you, like where you're
actually, I mean, I, what I like to hear is these stories that start and within two years
you've got a creative person or like, like that is paying their rent in a brand new fucking
way that never existed and like without, it's like, we don't have to exploit labor or be
billion, it's just like, you just, you just created a job for yourself with this, with
this tool that is also often like the, the source of just dehumanization and misery,
like it's the, this larger function is like, yeah, but you know, people, you could just
make your own job, like Rob's selling t-shirts, he's making $2, ridiculing me, and
$14.
I make $2.
Okay.
Yeah.
But anyways, but I, but I think the interesting thing is normal, regular friend dollars,
so you're up, you're up 30 bones just from a couple of days ago.
Bones, dude, that's amazing.
Yes.
I can use that word.
What, bones?
He's.
But you make a great point.
Like people love to hit it on Instagram and social media, but I mean, Instagram genuinely
saved my life.
Yeah.
Like I was just a permanent fuck up the friend with potential.
What is it interesting?
There's just random difference between these platforms that Instagram didn't have in mind
at all, like it, because this is a thing that works on Instagram.
And as you said backstage, it wouldn't work on Twitter.
It doesn't work.
There's much better shit on Twitter.
Twitter, Twitter is like all text based and your thing is text based, but your thing works
on Instagram and where it is vastly monetizable.
Nothing's monetizable on Twitter except like the presidency.
You could, yeah.
I mean, if you're playing for the big bucks, you can like make a lot of money on Twitter.
But it's just interesting to me that also tonally, and maybe this is part of it, is that
if you tweet that you overheard something, you're kind of a, you're almost more of a
dick than an Instagram that like curates it in a classy kind of like way that's sort
of like, this is a celebration of the city.
And it's like, what's fascinating to me is why that works, like what the psychological
routing is.
Yeah.
I don't know.
My theory on, on Instagram, because I'm like, what if we don't overheard Ella?
Because it's certainly not a new idea.
You know, they're like the idea of anyone with a brain and, you know, a red Moleskine
journal that they don't use has, you know, had that moment in public where someone said
something weird and they've written it down.
By the way, do you want to drink?
I sometimes people.
I've had like, I have two drinks a year and it's usually with a better drinker.
Okay.
Yeah.
But yeah, I would take like a tiny amount, like a thimble.
Like a.
Can we get this man a thimble?
Like a d20.
A d20.
Oh, nice to sneak in and try to play to the crowd.
Yeah, man.
I grew up rolling dice.
Okay.
It's true.
We talked about it backstage.
But we got deep.
But the truth is, is that like overheard on Twitter, on Facebook, it's just, it's part
of the maelstrom of whatever it, for some reason, doing it on Instagram, having it text
only, having it sort of being, thank you.
That's like a d100.
Thank you.
Having it be kind of enshrined as an image where you can geotag it and you can have details
in the caption.
So you have this sort of double experience where you're like, you read the thing and
then you sort of go down and you go like, oh, you know, where was it?
Do I know that place?
Do I know that person?
Do you still put your own in?
Like when you hear one, do you drop your own overheards in there?
I reserve about 2% of the account for myself, but not, you know, I mean, certainly at the
beginning I was, you know, and I would imagine that some of it is genuinely overheard.
Some of it is friends sitting around talking shit and sending it in.
I sent you one that was two people that I was working with that were talking, but I
still overheard it.
I thought it was fun.
It was like girls like talking to each other about setting each other up or whatever.
And one of them, Nicole, was like, she's like so young that being set up is still fun.
The idea of like, she's just saying to our friend Leslie Arfin, like, she's like, you
get it, I keep telling you, you know, set me up with some of these nerdy guys and Leslie
had some really, I don't know, in the room it was really funny, I was just listening
to them.
And she's like, yeah, but no, you don't understand, it's like they're actual nerds.
It's gross, it's not like Rushmore.
Real nerds, it's not marketable.
Gav nerds, yeah.
That's when I sent you that.
I was like, I've never submitted anything to Overheard LA, I'm gonna do this and then
I got this response from, I assume you, that was like, what are you doing submitting to
my thing?
I love your stuff.
Yeah, like Dungeons & Dragons episode, community, why are you talking to me, that kind of stuff.
And then you didn't use my Overheard quote, but it's, I mean, it does, because I'm not
good at it.
Obviously, what are the odds that I'm gonna be good at overhearing and also a genius and
all these other things.
I think I said in the show before, by the way, they overheard the two guys at the bar
about vampires.
Did I say that one?
I can't remember.
Say it.
I walked into the burgundy room a long time ago and there was these two like kind of like
rock and roll chicks at the bar and I walk up and this is all I heard.
Why are vampires so hot?
And the other guy says, duh, because they're thin.
That's fucking good.
Yeah, I can certainly understand why people think the account is bullshit because everything
kind of becomes bullshit at some point.
Well, I don't think, I hope you didn't get that message.
No, no, no, no, no, but I mean, I'm just in terms of the comments and stuff like that.
But I mean, I was, I actually have been overheard.
Like I have sat somewhere at a cafe, spoken in a way that I thought was authentic but
was actually incredibly embarrassing and douchey, and then have like some coy little cat person
write my conversation down.
Obviously, I try to keep my face away from the account.
I think it's a more interesting account if it's not about a person and have her submit
me to me an hour later.
Right.
Oh my God, that's insane.
Yeah.
So what, well, you've got to give us a specific, like what's the thing you said that you got?
That is, that is really interesting.
Yeah, yeah.
I would vibrate something that's like, I just, you know, it's like asterisk, douchebag at
Whole Foods or whatever, like, that's me.
I'm looking for garlic stuffed olives.
Well, there were two.
There was one, I was sitting, I was sitting at Verve, VRV, Verve, whatever, I was sitting
at Verve.
I work there.
And this was early days, and these two girls, they were like musicians, they were cool,
whatever.
And they sat down right next to me at Verve on Third Street, like right next to me, and
they start, they just sort of like brought themselves, you know, into my space in the
way that some people in LA do.
And I guess there were musicians, they were like, God, I miss, I miss Sweden.
It's just so much more authentic there.
It's just like people in Europe just understand music, they just get it.
And then, and then the other girl just leans in really seriously, and she's like, so what's
your writing process?
And I was just like, just fucking listening, I was like, whatever, you know, like, give
me the fucking gold that's about to come from your deranged brain.
And she's like, well, it sounds stupid, but like, have you heard of this Instagram account
over her LA?
And I was just like, huh?
And I thought it was a sort of bit, and she starts saying that like, there was this post
about glitter, and it was really funny.
So she like went home and wrote a song about glitter, and I was just like sitting there
and I was just like, okay, and then I posted that sort of like, you know, that's like a
hall of mirrors, like you're like, you're like, you're seeing yourself in them bouncing back
and forth.
I remember something about that.
I remember that being posted, I posted it and yeah, and then the other one I was like
maybe a year ago, I was sitting at La Colombe in Silver Lake, and I was whining to my female
friend about, you know, women in LA and how they date the same 12 celebrities and you
know, this, you know, naming names and like, you know, the whole thing.
And then she just kind of submitted it to me.
I was like, oh, I was like, wow, I'm like a middle-aged douche, like, what's wrong with
me?
I was on a plane, maybe it's taught me if I mentioned this before, I was sitting on a
plane and we're getting ready to like, the passenger is still boarding and so they haven't
like closed the door yet.
And there was an older gentleman behind me and he was on like, on his phone, like giving
his will.
And he's like, hello, my name is James Harden, and I did today's date is blah, blah, blah,
so am I in a body.
I'd like to amend my will.
I'm going to change a couple of things.
He started shaking it up.
So-and-so was going to get the thing, but now I'm going to give it to So-and-so.
I was like, I think every time he gets on a plane, it's like, oh, you know what, fuck
Susan.
But I wanna leave you back to me and go, hey man, is there something you know that I
don't know what about this?
I told Susan I was flying in Delta and she got dollar signs in her eyes.
She's not getting a goddamn dime.
Delta's a dangerous airline, it's-
It is?
I don't even care.
I don't care what airline I affect negatively.
except JetBlue, New York to L.A. or vice versa.
That's a good one. That's the one I should take?
I don't know. I think they're phased out.
They're phased out.
They've got caught being good or something.
I've been taking Delta a lot lately. That's why I'm asking.
Delta's the one that I really...
Well, I mean, yeah.
Delta's the one that sat me in coach.
Give me a moment.
Okay, okay. Oh, boy. Oh, boy.
They're not John and Vinny's in coach.
And they knew that you'd react that way
so that they could get away with it.
That's the thing that really pissed me off.
I was like, all of a sudden, I'm just like,
wait, why is my seat...
And then I'm just like sitting with the, you know, the hoi-paloi.
The what? The who? The who?
The hoi-paloi. Okay.
That's not what you call them.
The flatsome, the fucking driftwood,
the... The people, the... The constituency.
The human beings. The civilians.
Bernie Sanders sits there. Yeah.
Yeah.
And I was like, excuse me, what's the thing?
But the guy in the...
He just stood in the aisle and he made this big deal
like projecting his voice.
He knew exactly the kind of social leverage that he had
that I was, a douchebag who got all the way to his seat
before realizing they had fucked him over.
And so he knew that everything that was being said
was being overheard by everyone.
I was going to have to sit next to you for six hours,
wherever. And like, so he just fucking...
It was like, they just fucked me over, man.
It was like, it was like, it was like, oh,
I wish you had brought it to our attention sooner.
Brett, what? You changing my seat to a completely different...
What? It was just so weird.
And I was like, what would have happened if I had brought it
to you earlier?
Then you would have kicked someone out of first class
that you overbooked.
And he's like, no, he would have given you miles.
Delta miles?
I don't want Delta miles.
I don't want to be on this plane.
So you had to sit in coach?
Yeah, next to a bunch of people who overheard
that I'm a fucking asshole that thinks they're better than them.
They're fucking...
They'll grow my arm hair with these people.
Yeah.
Both people watching Avatar at different times.
Fucking can't look away.
I got to see the rest of Avatar.
It's the only way to avert my eyes from fucking Avatar.
But I mean, they're telling you that, hey,
we just burned 3,000 of your dollars.
I know. It's insane.
Like, I never got recompense. I never...
I mean, it's Delta...
You know what their slogan should be?
No recompense.
Don't expect any recompense here
at Delta Airlines.
It should be something in the area of whoever smelta.
Uh...
Whoever smelta.
There's no airlines...
There's no airlines that people talk about
and have good things to say.
People are like, wasn't Virgin...
I don't know.
And then they caught them being good.
Now Virgin is just Alaska,
but they got better lighting.
They took all the cool shit away.
Yeah, slowly the purple lights are probably dangling.
I mean, man...
Man, when I was coming back
on Delta, man...
Man, that was a rough landing.
I was sitting next to somebody.
I mean, I almost held his hand.
It was like bumpy.
And it was like somebody was throwing the plane up.
And then it was coming down.
And it was scary.
So that's why I'm thinking like,
you're on to something.
Maybe this Delta isn't as good as they were saying.
Because it was...
I mean, when the pilot goes, people just hold on.
That's not a great landing.
Even for him.
Like the emergency seats were popping out.
The emergency seats...
Here's something.
I didn't know there were emergency seats
until this flight.
They pop out of the wall
and the stewardesses...
they sit in these emergency seats
and they strap themselves in.
And then they strap themselves into the flight workers.
And it was...
And the pilot's going,
just hang on.
Just hang on.
And I'm wondering what's going on in the cockpit.
I mean, hey, but it's a capitalist society.
So all you gotta do is...
No recompense.
Take that money and take it over to United.
And bring your dog.
And for God's sakes,
if they choose you by lottery
to give your seat to a richer person,
don't resist.
They will beat your fucking ass
and physically drag you off the plane.
Of course, then United went out of business.
Because if you were a cookie company
and you suffocated a dog
and beat a man senseless
and dragged him out of your cookie factory
in the same fiscal fucking quarter,
you wouldn't be allowed
to make cookies anymore.
But it's an airline.
So their profits probably went through the roof.
I hate it. I hate it.
And now we're finding out
what I knew the whole time.
Those things can't even stay in the air.
They're held together with fucking speaking spells.
They don't even...
The pilots aren't even...
They just get in there and hit a button
like a Tesla and just go like,
Alexa, take me to fucking Reno.
And then the fucking...
The planes are just going like now.
They're just going, I saw a cloud.
I think it's a truck.
I better change lanes.
And Donald Trump's like,
oh, I should have run it on coal.
We're all dead. We're dead, man.
We're dead.
We are dead.
So anyways, like you...
Well, yeah.
It's a mystery in other words.
I typically observe these things.
It was a mystery why it is that
some things work on Instagram
and other things work on Twitter
and other things work on a thing.
It's just sort of a...
All we know is that one piece of data
that, well, this just works better on Instagram.
Yeah, it was very much like
it came from the right place
and I guess it landed in the right place.
We have a Twitter account,
no one cares about.
I've seen you sort of pop up and down on Twitter.
You were on Twitter.
I was on Twitter from 2009
to the James Gunn firing.
And then I was like, see ya.
Until 2000. Well, he's back.
Yeah, he's back.
I'm not sliding back into that fucking sewer.
You shouldn't, man.
No, I shouldn't. I got...
I'm agreeing with you.
It's peaceful.
I can still take enough Adderall
that I'll yell at a fucking turd or whatever,
but...
You watch those dog memes, you know,
like Chimkin, Doggo, Friend.
Top-down cooking videos.
I went through recently and I unfollowed
everyone who wasn't following me.
Including...
Holy cow.
There you go.
I will be in about half an hour.
I don't know if I...
I mean, maybe some things like that.
I wasn't like, well, they're not gonna...
70 episodes...
Of what?
But it really is my only social media outlet.
I deleted my Facebook account.
I deleted my Twitter.
I was thinking the other day that Twitter,
it's like, there's not really any good outcome.
Because, like, think about it.
You like someone's tweet.
Nothing happens. You don't feel great.
You retweet someone's tweet.
You retweet someone's tweet and someone else retweets it.
Who cares? You retweet someone else's tweet
and someone responds to it. Like, you get pissed off.
You tweet something good. No one retweets it.
Who cares? You retweet something good.
A lot of people retweet it. It's like,
okay, that feels kind of okay.
Otherwise, people respond to you. It's like, this sucks.
If it goes super viral,
the whole... Everyone's screaming at you.
So it's like, there's just no...
Every single outcome, it's like a
choose-your-own-adventure book that's just
fuck you on every page.
Yeah.
I was thinking about it the other day.
I was thinking that, like, I have the tendency
to, like, create all these situations
that I think will, like, go well.
But the outcome is almost always
just gonna be bad. And, like, there's one out of
100 outcomes that's good.
And it's like, well, why do that?
Why not do something that's, like, 50-50 or something?
Like, exactly that. It's like, there's one
good outcome, which is, like, someone you like is,
like, hey, you're really cool. But that, like,
has never happened in the history of Twitter.
Well, at least every single fleeting thought
that you've ever had for 20 years
is being slowly catalogued on a giant fucking
reel-to-reel tape
in a basement
of a Capitol building that,
obviously, just at any
given time might be run by
a person that decides to
search all of this by
people who ever called me a shithead
and send out the drones.
Like, that's what's terrifying to me
is, like, this, like,
when you, you know, like, the
1930s in Germany
when it was, like, there was a slow burn
of, like, people were, like,
you know, it's a march-violates thing
where it's, like, people eventually
going, like, oh, okay,
sorry, I changed my mind.
I think that's a great mustache.
Like, they were just, like, freaking out
and there was, like, this race to, like,
redact and
transpose, like, people's attitudes
and, like, back then all you had was, like,
a little bit of paperwork to fake.
You could, like, pay people to give you a card,
a membership card in the party
that was, like, pre-backdated
that you wouldn't be, like,
a fucking march-violate.
But now we're just, like,
I mean, that's
what terrifies me. I'm just, like, I've said it
before. It's, like, it's too late.
Like, I unplugged from all this stuff
but I, it's not, like,
I did it to, I just did it because
I should, but now I'm just
waiting 20 years to get
shot by firing squad because
I spent 20 years before I did that
going, like,
blah, blah, blah, blah,
here's how I feel about everything
and, like, not realizing
that society was not going to continue
towards, like, transparency
as currency.
But don't you think Trump fucked Twitter up?
Like, Twitter was kind of fine and then
Trump happened and then everyone
that you sort of liked or respected
just went fucking crazy on Twitter?
Yeah, I mean, I don't know what chicken lays what egg.
I mean, was it that, was it that
Trump ruined Twitter or was it that
Twitter creeped
in on our, on us,
like, and, like, just, like,
installed itself somewhere between
our pituitary gland and our cerebellum
and, like,
just changed the way we think
until we were, like,
microblogging and, like, this
free-basing of fucking give me attention
and here's the thing I have to say and
then, as a byproduct
of that, the, like,
the most likely
presidential candidate who'd been running
for president for 25 years before that
just, like, fell
on that bread, like,
like, you know,
like, I mean, I don't know
if you've ever seen a chicken
in a kitchen and just, like,
that Petrie dish was just there for him
and so it's like, did he ruin Twitter?
Did Twitter ruin us
and grow him like a fungus?
You don't have to answer.
I mean, it's a chicken egg thing.
It's like, it's like, it's both.
It's just, this is what's happened to us.
But I do think that at the very least
when you're on Instagram, you're not really seeing
a person for who they are.
I like that people that are literally dicks,
you can, like, click on their name and it's, like,
99% of the time
they're going to be a lot, they're locked
and it's kind of like, if I was mature
and I think I can become mature because I'm 46 now
if something's got to give
I could see myself
by 50 being able to go,
yeah, of course it's a locked account
because they're a coward and they're a lot,
they're saying that and they know that.
They're saying that to themselves, like, you, you don't have to say that on Twitter.
You don't have to, like, declare yourself
a coward
in order to, like, have a Twitter account
that you use to just go,
I think you're a fucking
gross monster and, like, and then you click
on the first thing and you see an egg
and you see, like, two followers but, like,
on Instagram, it's always, like, locked.
It's always, like, a person
that talks shit.
Yeah, because they're terrified
that you would, which I
used to do, I would just go to someone's
thing if it wasn't locked and I would just go through
every fucking Instagram for three years
and go, like, your dog sucks.
Like, who cares that you went to St. Louis?
Did that make you feel less of a loser?
Fucking, like, nice cabbage.
Did you grow it yourself? It must hate you.
Like, just go through every
single picture from their entire life
and just, like, comment on it.
Yeah, we've been pretty lucky with trolls.
We don't have that many trolls but when we do,
occasionally I lose my mind.
Because, again, I'm not really part of the account
but I run them all. But every once in a while
I'll be like, you know, whatever the fuck
they say and then, inevitably, click
on their account and it's very rare that it's
like, I'm a dermatologist.
Here's my
Patagonia. Proud father.
I love my beautiful kids
and we were just spearfishing in Indonesia
and it's usually
a follow ratio of 55 people
following them and 5,000 people that
they're following and just one
fucking photo of a pancake or something.
Yeah, a photo of a telephone pole or something.
But, you know, I also find that people
aren't really taking into consideration.
You know, they're not sort of, I have this thing
on my phone because I'm, you know,
somewhat like you, like, just terribly reactive
that says, pause and give constructive feedback
and I ignore that every time.
And I never pause and I never give
constructive feedback. Do you respond
to, like, trolls? Every once in a while
I will drop a bomb on a troll for fun.
But what's sad about it is, like, you know,
it's all in good fun and then you'll actually
see other people
getting involved. What's the stuff that gets under
your skin? Is it the fake thing?
The fake stuff is annoying because it's like
it's really just
it's someone, you know, treating Instagram like Twitter.
Yeah, I'm really sorry that I took part
in that. But I also want to say that
that's what I think is important message
to you that I learned and then
I said in that comment is that now I understand
because I saw people, like, calling out
that one that was, like, so believable.
I'm like, okay, I think
like, people that say
this stuff to me, I never believe
them, but maybe you'll hear it from me.
I truly believe that
the people that say this is fake, this is fake,
they're expressing a love
of your content.
They're so hooked in, they're getting, I can
speak for that personally, that the
when I did that, when I said, like, this one's
fake, the reason I did that
is because of the respect
that I have for the institution
and you could easily...
Well, you might feel that way, but I think to a lot of people it's just another meme account.
You know, they don't have context
and they're just looking at, you know, whatever is on Instagram.
Yeah, I mean, look,
look, I hate people that
say look. Look!
Just grabbing you by the scruff of your brain
and look!
But, I think
the vast majority, I think
you've got... I think you've got a little
garden that people like to visit
and stuff and like, I think that would
like, I'm telling you
I love it and I was
like, it was an asshole. I didn't
even think about until after I clicked
I was like, I thought that I was like
helping something
like, you have a beautiful tomato garden
and I'm like, this one's rotten!
I don't even know what I was thinking.
Yeah, and I'm sure there is one that's rotten.
Like, there's no doubt that someone has sent something in
and you know, I've literally asked them
and I was like, oh, where'd you hear that? And they're like,
in my mind. You know what I mean?
Like, that doesn't work
and today we got, you know, something really funny
from Detroit, you know, and I'm like, well
it's really funny. Like, that's good content.
Do we not post it? Because
you know how honorable meme account people are.
I'm sure like, all the other meme account people
that are like 23 year old, like
you know, like
you know, whatever
something smart you would say, fill in the blank
you know, have that
there's no scruples and they troll Instagram
and they, you know, grab content
from this person and that person and repurpose it as their own
and we try to have integrity
you know, in this ridiculous
you know, mini mall that we're in
of content. But yeah
I'm sure we've been tricked. You know, I'm sure like
something from season 7
episode 5 of the Mindy show got on there
and we deleted it quickly. But yeah
I appreciate your respect for it. Every time, like
every time. But like, I'll think about, oh, that's really
that's a great play on words.
That's a funny little thought like idea
and type it all up
make it a perfect crafted tweet or whatever
or caption to an Instagram
thing or whatever. And then I go, you know what
I'm just to be safe. I'm going to
Google that. I'm going to type it in as is with quotes around
Twitter Google or
Google Twitter
and
it's already been done a thousand times. And one time
I wrote some dumb joke like some very low hanging fruit
like something was in the news or whatever and I just
wrote something and like someone's like
nice rip off of Jim Gaffigan
bro. I'm like, I don't fucking
listen to Jim Gaffigan. Fuck you
when I have a
idea like that some family and your happiness lately
I've just been starting
I'll Twitter Google it and then
instead of just posting my
joke, I'll just post a
screenshot of the whole search and so you have
like a bunch of people's half-assed attempts
at the same kind of area and that makes
me feel so much better because it's like
I don't know if I could have done a better job than
this, but it definitely wasn't good and
neither are these people. So just look at that
instead. There you go. I like
that. Yeah, we get the same submission
like probably three, four times a week
for the last three years and I'm just
always...
It's just one that you can...
Well, no, I mean...
I'm sort of figuring out that you're the entire...
They say a man in New York every 30 seconds
a man gets mugged in New York. We're
about to meet that man. Anyway, sorry.
You're like, every for the last
three years you've been getting the same submission every day.
Yeah, I'm starting...
Is there an
overheard in LA thing that is actually
one that just keeps coming in like month after month
the same exact way? Yeah, yeah. Sorry, that's what I meant.
We have an unpostable submission that we've never
posted that is the stupidest should ever that everyone...
And it's just basically going up to a
valet parker and they're like, you know, do you need to be validated?
Oh, right.
We also get... But it probably
is, I mean, because having been to a
every time someone said, do you need
validation? Yeah.
I've been here 25 years and
I've blocked
out how many times I might have
you know,
like for the first two years,
I've convinced myself I never
I never did
go like, you know, just do the word play
like response, like do I need validation?
Well, you know...
Yeah, but like at least a more intelligent version of that where you
expand on the validation you need
related to your horrible experience.
The other thing that occurred to me earlier is that
that's the thing about LA
especially, is that
you do have a bunch of people
like at any given time
like how many
improv buddies are sitting at this
table, three tables from you
who are like actually quite witty
and like dry and like
kind of performing almost
like when they...
Like writing a time travel movie at like
Starbucks and Van Nuys.
Yeah, and also just like kind of like
one foot in and one foot out of themselves
like because they're just funny
people and they're kind of like
I would buy that like LA
overheard quotes are marginally
like more unbelievable
than on average because they're
you could be listening to just like a group of
100%
and then you have the whole parenting part
like you have the absurdity of
you know
children raising children with
phones and iPads and like
you know one of the best ones we ever had was like
two kids at Pan Pacific Park and
there was like, you know, go hide and text me when you're ready
you know, and it's just like
Oh, that's
terrible. But I mean like
why wouldn't that happen? You know what I mean?
That's a real one? Oh, I mean
that's fucking awesome.
I mean that fucking just hurts the soul.
It's a better than counting.
Dismal. Text me when you're ready
fuck off. I should have made a list
of my favorite ones but I did not
you didn't bring a list of like hits, did you?
I mean I could just
you know, you probably got them in your little head
I'm sorry I said your head was low.
It's in his phone. It's an Instagram account.
Talking about my head like it's economy.
It's a Delta head.
He's a scroll food. I don't want
Delta miles. Go through your phone
and text us when you have a good one.
Is there, well
I don't want to distract you with this question but
Sorry I'm on Instagram bro, what?
I'll field this one.
Let's check in with Spencer while
Jesse goes through and finds some of his favorites.
I just meant for you to ask the question
I can reel him off but anyway go ahead.
Okay, well all right.
Reel him off then.
Give us some content.
I like a lot of the short ones like you know
I need to cancel my threesome
is a good one that was
sort of verified real and
the people that got overheard like
wrote in saying like oh my god that was me
and I really did have a threesome and I couldn't make it.
To interject on that
I was at a bar one time and there was
these three well-dressed
like clubby kind of chicks
and they were having a drink as the three of clubs
and they were just talking and shooting
the braids and another girl
joins them and is like oh what a day
like
I forget the guys I don't say his name was Anthony
just Anthony just destroyed
my asshole like he just fucking
just destroyed my asshole
I said oh yeah he'll do that
they were like yeah we don't tell me about it
looking back
they must be porn actresses
whether they're in a cult
they just clocked out
they're like oh boy
fucking just did 30 minutes with Anthony
yeah fucking just the outtakes alone
he never gets it one
all the reshoots with Anthony
never gets it in one
he
he always puts it in two
yeah yeah yeah
because he's fucking your asshole
yes
alright well let's start here
that would make the account like that is more than worthy
overheard on porn sets
could be a thing
I think one I was
a good one from a long time ago was
the amount of
coke he gave me did not equal the amount
of head I gave him
oh
if it's about a media reciprocity man
it's not about the fun anymore
you gotta do it because you like it
I don't know what recompense means
but there's probably a change about
recompense and head
I just say things louder
you know what
welcome to stay
we got a real peek behind the curtain
I'm shocked
you handed that algorithm over
putting yourself out of business
secret sauce
so bashful about it
it's like if T-Pain was like
auto-tune
but by the way
that's a derail
but T-Pain
most famously now like he went on
that mass singer thing and it's like
it's like that
you went to art school
those Picasso guys and the van go guys
that make the scribble dudes and it looks like a kid
drew it but they can all like
actually they could like draw
Benjamin Franklin if they wanted
it would look like a photo
T-Pain uses all that auto-tune
but if he wanted to
he could sound like Luther
Van Dross
he dominated that
mass singer thing
nobody knew it was him
isn't that crazy
I just can't believe that
I felt good that you followed over at LA
and now that you watch the mass singer
I don't watch the mass singer but I follow T-Pain
I love T-Pain
do you follow his live tweeting of Game of Thrones?
no
well I'm not on Twitter
it's too much of a net loss for me
but just get someone else's account just for Sunday nights
and he's just
I wonder if he's
LA based
if he's like
I bet I could get in there
he's a big Rick and Morty fan
like beyond
like oh Chance the Rapper likes Rick and Morty
it's like T-Pain
for his birthday
his wife made him a Rick and Morty cake
like he's like
he's really into Rick and Morty
and I'm always trying to get Wisconsin
swag from him because I'm from Wisconsin
yeah they only had one like
run at all that stuff and then they stopped selling it
sorry I derailed this completely
no please
I love T-Pain's Instagram
but you gotta like
the thing happening right now is
I can't see anything but is anyone
familiar with this Game of Thrones?
oh yeah
screaming at Aria like live tweeting
do you watch it live as you're watching the show?
I don't interact with Twitter
I don't know what live tweeting is
or how people do that
but I will go back
and I will watch his sort of reactions
to Game of Thrones
and it is fucking amazing
yeah I mean that was the big
that was the tweet about
that makes me miss Twitter the most
is a Game of Thrones tweet which is like
a live tweet where you're watching Game of Thrones
and then somebody's tweet went kind of
viral whatever you
got the ratio hit that gap
whatever you say
through the roof while everyone's watching Game of Thrones
everybody see this tweet that someone tweeted
while they're watching Game of Thrones which is like
oh here comes Jura
yeah what's his name?
Jura, when he appears on the
he shows up and he's not supposed to follow
the narrows around and he shows up
on the Gladiator arena
who wrote that?
Oh great here comes Lord Jura from House Friend Zone
it's just such a great
like what a great peak moment of like
it just represents for me
as that added glee of you as a role
player like it's like who would
ever thunk that
I mean that's such a great byproduct of all
the shitty things in our world
like the world is into fucking dragons and stuff
like the whole world
so like you know like people are just like
yes bring your
friend zone antics to
our D&D milieu
right
well no but like I watched Game of Thrones
last night
I'm four episodes behind and I haven't watched Atlantic yet
okay well I mean without revealing
without revealing any spoilers
yeah well I heard they had the battle of Winterfell
so yeah apparently there was a battle of Winterfell
I know the White Walkers won right
so the rest of the season is just going to be them going like
where's my skeleton horse
who borrowed my skeleton
horse
you go
on Twitter after and it just killed
another horse Gary
it's not that's not the
point I rode that horse
till it died
it's my skeleton horse
oh so there's property
now maybe we should build a wall
sorry I continue it's just
it's the rest of this is like the better
but okay good
like the rest is like six episodes left
of Game of Thrones it's just the White Walkers arguing
yeah they break up
into factions they're like I'm going to be a desert
White Walker fine
we'll call you
yeah what are the weird priest White Walkers
what would they get where were you going to call them
we're calling what
Eesa Walker okay cool
go ahead I want to
make a baby's eyes blue
with my icicle finger
how come Steve always gets
to make baby's eyes blue with his icicle finger
this is White Walker infighting
this is the hashtag
that you might want to use
when you're celebrating the bit that I coined
you know Rob
Dan has a sketch he's working on
because they're bringing mad tv back
one of his characters
that Dan is going to do in his audition
is uh
oh yeah
Rob and Spencer
it's very supporting of you Dan
it's the coach
it's a pregame pep talk
for the White Walkers and this is the coach
of the White Walkers
getting the White Walkers ready to go
into the big game
what are the White Walkers
you'll find out you'll find out in the sketch
I'll put it all out there for you
alright then
I don't know if they could have made
that show starting this year
and just named
you know the all white cast
and then the White Walkers
White privilege
but it's called WIGHC
oh my god the whites are coming
no I mean it's shocking how
resonant it got
with the walls and the whites and the walking
yeah
it's so retroactively applicable
it's like guys
bigger fish to fry here
stop arguing about whether or not
the blah blah blah
alright well I have to yes and Jeff's
this thing
this is
White Walker coach
White Walker coach at halftime
oh
gentlemen
where do I start
we came here
to enslave humanity
and bind it
in a magical frost
I don't know if that's true
I don't know what their goal is
yardage
talk about yardage
I don't think you understand
who you are
I'm seeing you
white
and I haven't seen
a single one of you walk
you
you may think that you've walked
from wildling territory
to winterfell
you may think that you've walked across
ice and fallen through it
you may think that you've
risen
that you've screamed
and run full speed at your former friends
confusing them
taking advantage of their mortal
familiarities as you
bit into their ribcages
swelling our ranks
before I'm standing
you ain't done shit
my skin is blue
I have a crown of ice
I ride a skeleton horse
and right now
I'd like to roll over and
die
I wish I could go to Doran
and drink a wine cooler
you call what you're doing out there
white walking
let's just quit right now
we're just not too late
let's white walk back to the south
let's just hang out
and fucking do whatever we want
we'll roll around in the snow
we'll let Peter Dinklage
and then the lady from Terminator 4
hang out
they can advise each other
they can consult with
their hands of their kings
make their fire
water in their fucking
dragon eggs
museums
or you can suck it up
and get cold
now what's it gonna be
excuse me
alright come on Jeff
I did the best I could
yay
yeah I know
I know sarcasm
no it was good
no shut up
I haven't watched any of the season
alright Jesse give us some more
of a classic
just give us a stinger
give us a good one
give you a dinger
can we find your submission
oh yeah
let's find it
what's your instagram
Dan Harmon
white walker 85
Daniel
you already told us about
yeah
I can't remember it
it's not good
it's gonna humiliate me
I have the chucky cheese
of wireless carriers
the signal is no good here
sorry
we only did it for 11 instagrams
that's the name of the book
yeah we did a book
which we're not here to talk about
but we only did it for 11 instagrams
you're anti-plugging your book
but you're excited about your newspaper
yeah we just launched a newspaper a couple weeks ago
because digital is dead
yeah
real life is coming back
a newspaper what do you mean
we launched a local newspaper
we made about 12,000 of them and they were in like 50 locations
like sort of down to earth
like blue collar spots
like intelligentsia
and
Erwan
you know
verve coffee
but it's sort of instagramable on the outside
with bits by comedy writers on the inside
we had a millennial weather report
with earth's current mood
we had
like comic strips
with instagram artists
so obviously comparisons to the onion
are gonna arrive here
we're never gonna touch the onion
it's one of the greatest things ever
it was sort of half satire
half editorial
never gonna touch the onion
and it would be a good t-pain song
never gonna touch the
onion
continue
yeah we had a vegan go to animal
the nose to tail spot
on Fairfax
nose to tail spot
you talk like this all the time
it's a nose to tail spot
I assume what that is
you eat all of it
it's Chinatown but for white people
is the appeal of it that you're somehow
being like more tastefully carnivorous
because you're actually eating the entire animal
or is that a thing
well I think it's more sort of conscious
like you know if you're a hunter
and you eat something like you're making the most
of the animal you're not letting any of it go to waste
but I mean if you sit at a table
are they like do they come over
and go welcome to nose to tail do you know how it works here
no I've never actually said nose to tail out loud
until today
I have read it but I think it's just
places where you can get pigs feet
okay so it's about the volume
of offering
they use the whole animal
creatively but yeah we had a vegan go there
and sort of do a review
so you know
yeah it's fun we're launching in New York
we're looking forward to your
walker advice column
that was the most
recent project
when you turn a baby's eyes blue
with your icicle finger
you've got to be careful not to
kill the baby
I mean you want to kill it
to the extent that it becomes
a white walker
anyways
did you know that it's white walkers
that white walkers is like the color white
and walker but then the
people that are in charge like the Rob Schrab
looking guys that are in charge of all the
they're blue they all look like Rob Schrab
by the way
the main guy does
not as like weird priest horseman
but the main guy
I think they all look like Schropp but so do all the
hellraisers all the hellraisers look like Schropp
not just Pinhead
I think they look like a crew of meth heads who listen to
Blink 182 and like live in Santa Clarita
like they all have long coats
there's an electrical tape like matrix gowns
yeah and they look like that guy
I think he recently passed away but he was like
you know twisted fire starter like that guy
kind of sort of looks like that guy
I just I hate that their origins
I'm excited that the battle of Winterfell happened
which I assume is white walkers versus mortals
and that I'm like I
it's not what happens
Jon Snow just destroys Sansa's ass
and it's like
he destroyed my ass
it was such a snog
I'm just going to find your submission
yeah I already heard that like Aria
wait wait what's her name
Aria
I heard that an early
an early event
his
witness to her coming of age
yeah my friend screamed when that happened
he's a 49 year old
writer
successful screenwriter
watching a group of like 15
and she sort of started to take her pants off
and they did like just one little shot
of the top eighth of her butt
and he was like I've known you since you were a little girl
yeah exactly
I just picture these living rooms full of people
with white wine and like all this silence
and you just hear crackling fireplace
and panting
and then one 48 year old
person goes like go girl
and then everyone's like okay I guess this is happening
I get it
because I don't know how I would process that
it just feel like we raised her
but you haven't seen the actual scene
no I haven't I haven't seen this entire season
or Atlanta
Cody's not
Cody's
you know it's like
unless Cody and I are both like gung-ho
about something it probably won't happen
it'll just like
Cody and I are both
at a given time are not like
fucking thrones let's do it
it's because I know
they're wrapping it up
I think it's one of the greatest series in the history of television
but it's like it's a serialized series
and it's about all these like cataclysmic events
like coming you know
I just have some of the worst acting of all time as well
no like
who do you think the bad actors are?
well I mean I can't act but like I feel like
a lot of the great actors
are already dead like you know
Kyle's dance was amazing
the Tyrell grandmother
yeah she was great
she was amazing Tyrion in season one
was the greatest actor ever and now he's just sort of like walks around
and you're like where's my accent
and how do I dance?
Shots fired
yeah I mean I don't know
I just love
I guess it's sort of like David Mamet movies
where it's like
well who cares if Campbell Scott
like it's like obviously
David Mamet's like get me Campbell Scott
and that is like Campbell do that thing
where you stare straight ahead
and read all of my dialogue
every word matters
okay we're gonna do another take
you moved your eyebrow once
it distracts from my words
go
more Campbell less Scott
and he kind of like has his wheelhouse of like actors
and sorry I
feel like when I watch Game of Thrones
I'm like I don't care if they
spit out you know they're doing like a table
but I mean it's one of the greatest shows I've ever seen
but it's also like one of those cultural moments
now where you're actually like
I walked into work and one of my colleagues
had not watched it
you know she's a big fan and I'm like what the fuck are you doing
like there's no spoiler alert time here
like everyone's freaking out because
killed
right and
it reminds me of the
yeah like
Rob Starks ghost kills
the dog
but it reminds me of the Sopranos
like when will there be epic television like this
where everyone's sort of on board
and watching Trump is the only other thing
and I think we've talked about this
like every year
with HBO because it was sort of like
the streak of and it was like
what's the secret over there
which executive is bringing the magic
and
but now I think we can truly say
you're not gonna
there's gonna be the end of this HBO
era of prestige
television because of the AT&T
buying everything and like
they're gonna merge HBO with like
a bunch of shit and just call it
HBO and that's what my old boss
Bob Greenblatt's gonna be in charge of and I don't
I just don't see that like
there's no longer gonna be this like
weird little cottage where they
they would buy these
things where they're like that sounds like a
crazy idea but if you invested
a bunch of money in it it was like a weird
world to build like when are we ever gonna see
any of these crazy like
where's Creep Shogunate Rob? Shutter
Shutter maybe that's the new thing
maybe that's the new thing
first in 10 the bulls mean business
but then you see what's coming out and it's
like Westworld and his dark materials
and they're doing Deadwood
like maybe that's
two years from now
well that's stuff that they've already gotten
I'm saying like who's who
I'm talking about it's it's gonna be over
after that like the
Deadwood movie and all the stuff it's like
it's kind of the end it's an end of I don't
know 20 30 years
what is it like HBO making this amazing
stuff where like they're only and it's just
when you think they're gonna zig they zag kind of thing
where they're you know they don't they don't go
like well we love mafia stories
so let's buy three more Sopranos things
they just like obviously they're
they have like they have like this taste
over there where they're like as long as
you create a world for me that I'm interested in
want to be immersed in and like
what what other network is ever going to
provide that environment for some of the
craziest like
writers true TV
true TV and I think that's it
anyways all right moving on
good getting into the leg of the show
where I'm too drunk to be entertaining
not that the first
two-thirds of the show are entertaining but
you want to hit us with another great
over here at LA quote oh yeah
oh wait you can't because the phones
don't work here I'll give you one
hey where's this
pancetta
I'm late I'm late for my
coke class yeah that was close
is one was like don't vape
all over the charcuterie board I feel like
that's the same thing that's awesome
who are this is loosely related but like
you vape on the charcuterie board no
but who who are these
people I don't
and I don't want to offend anybody that is one of these people
because obviously they outnumber me but like
like what's with the
the places where people go and they open
their laptops and they just sit there and they write
their screenplays
like I
people do that that's like taking a poo poo
like like like how can you like
just how can you even make
with people around you
that seems crazy to me well my friend
who's Alan Loeb who's actually
the one who convinced me to
start the account
and has written such incredible
movies as 21 and here comes
the boom with
Kevin James but
um
the um
you know he's
a very successful screenwriter
I don't know if there's going to be a boom too
I'm not sure here comes the boom boom is
Kevin James name
boom in it
is his name boom
I think so I don't know
okay oh you haven't seen
okay I'll look
it up
like
Rob are you speaking very quiet
quietly right now makes me think you're
kind of getting ready to say that
you're going to drop a loud one on us
no I'm not going to do a shock scare
William boom
has a problem
but he but you know he's
obviously been successful and
um worked his ass off for
20 years and built a career but he still loves
here comes the boom
what
what's he
I don't know like
what what you're like
you're like a bill hater character now
you're like that
what about what about a guy that he's
a boom operator
and he's always getting his boom
in the shot
okay and action
oh no
oh hey
hey
yeah
wait do vampires don't
have a reflection is there a mythological
creature that doesn't have a shadow
gargoyle gargoyle
gargoyle stuff
minotaur
hove goblin
zebra
I don't think ghost cast a shadow
ghost catcher
the biggest monster
lich
what if there's like a boom operator but he gets like
rust monster
instead of being the invisible man
anything he touches turns invisible
so he becomes a boom operator because he can
put that boom in any shot he wants to
because that's good
get the best audio in the world
that could be an episode of rick and morty
69 episodes
I spent about
four hours talking about invisibility technology
today in the rick and morty writers room like we were
we were picking apart like how invisibility
tech would work and what it would require
years ago I met a guy who is in the
military and he said that like there is some
military briefing where like
some guy like was
walking around wearing an invisibility suit
and you could kind of see but like you mostly
couldn't and so people didn't even notice
he was in the room and they're like this is the new tech
gentleman or whatever the fuck yeah
my conclusion was like
if you it's like
forget about the it's funny how in the
80s like we kind of went biological
with it and that's where you got the trope
of like oh you have to be naked
like take otherwise you're just going to be like
because it was like we went it's funny
how like our consciousness of like sci-fi
like proceeds along certain lines like in the
80s we were like an invisible
person would have to be would have to
be like oh your skin is invisible
and then like so that means
you if you're wearing a sports bra it would
just be a floating sports bra and then you take it off
and then we would make these movies about
like oh no I'm naked and I'm
but we yeah it's now more like
like I think yeah like
we're talking today about like what okay
what if Rick had an invisibility belt like
what would it be a belt like he would
have designed it to be like easy to
just so it's like I was
I was like it'd probably be like a
it's like a cloud of you know
it like scans the contiguous surfaces
you know so
if you're holding a coffee cup
and you activate the bell
like the coffee couple disappear because
for the same reason your shirt does and your
hair does and your fingernails and your
everything because it's like
it scans the
surfaces like stuff. So the cuff doesn't
have to wear a belt either? No
the cup doesn't have to wear a belt
but it could
the cup I'm sure could wear a little belt
if the cup
wears a little belt and then Rick
picks it up would he not need
the belt anymore
if it was the right
alright well you actually I mean that's
did I break the story? Well you didn't break
68 episodes
68 episodes I mean that's actually
a pretty good point why not just put the belt around
a coffee cup and hold the coffee
you get a nice hot cup of coffee
and you're invisible
anytime you want to turn visible put the cup
down
alright I'm telling you
I'm using it. Tant stay up
it makes more sense than having like
worry about a belt around yourself
I don't know what the fucking problem
is over there
but it's kind of like you need like
a cloud of
like they kind of like
mapped itself around your surfaces
and like
subatomic cameras
and like photo receptors
and projectors that
like
we're taking in information from all
the light that hit it from every conceivable
angle in real time and then simultaneously
where it's like having a
relationship with anything
in any variation of like behind it
and then I asked the question like
well what if you back up against a wall
wouldn't you then project a shadow
under your surface but then I was like
no I'm thinking macroscopically
like if you if there's subatomic
like nano cameras
I don't know if there's I don't know if you can go subatomic
with your nano but
I mean hey what's nano
if it's not subatomic
but if it's like then it's like you could like
push up against a wall and still to like
something that's like the size of an electron
or like somewhat bigger
there'd still be a football field worth of distance
between it and even a surface you're touching
maybe yeah and I also think that
it would want to map like the surface
and then the light level that it was
you know intercepting so
because it's gonna like make these calculations
like well there's a spotlight on the front of me
right then I'm gonna take information
from between this camera on the back
and then I'm gonna like it's basically like the whole
thing's job obviously it sounds kind of dumb
to say it out loud but it's like the whole thing's job
is just to airbrush you out of
of it exists it's to take
in all available data which I do believe
is possible it's just a matter of processing
and AI and stuff that you would be able
to have a cloud
of technology around
you that was
making calculations fast
enough to simply adjust for what
for all light
coming at it and projecting
light outward you'd need like a tremendous amount
of power probably too because it's not going to be powered
by the light it would be like a battery
that would be running out because it would be like
the world's most fancy lamp
would be like sending out
like a bazillion light waves
out that were like being compensated for
there's also like the version
that it just it doesn't actually do that
it just it just moves the light that
would hit you to where it would
go past you so it just
bends the light around you and then
puts it back at the right exact angle
right after it clears
your body so then it's the same beam
of light that would go and hit you
and reflect off showing a visual picture
and that beam of light hits the
hits the wall behind you and then vice-versa
the back way yeah I do believe that
there I'm certain that they got to be working
on that yeah in the military
I know that like the
that that poor young lady that
that wound up in the water tank
at the Cecil hotel like that
part of that myth you know the
conspiracy theories about that is that
she some there's some there's some like
like two degrees of separation
between her and like
invisibility technology the
red-handed podcast talk to the episode
about her after they hurt their
appearance here while they were in LA
they and and it was
it was like that the idea
was that that's what she's in the elevator
and she's like interacting with things that
aren't there because she stumbled too close
to cloaking tech
I'm laughing because
it's a terrible desecration
of a human being's death to like have these
weird Captain America theories about
like I just imagine her parents going
like I wonder what happened to her and
well I've got a theory I think that G.I.
Joe did it and they're like
thanks but
still kind of because there is
a scene in the elevator in Captain
America oh god right where
he's invisible I'm like
was he in visit yeah and that scene
have you seen the security camera
footage of the of the elite
Aliza lamb
that disappeared from the hotel
and then ended up in the
have you seen that you're familiar with that
I haven't watched it recently
that's fair
has cold case murder mysteries weighed in
yes what did he say
she
that she
was off her meds and that
she may have even
found some stuff
like maybe took some e or something
but like in any case was off
her meds and was experiencing
and she that she was
in a suicidal state and like
kind of found her way
up to the highest point
and and just kind of
went with it you know but she was just
on a trip and kind of
found this like ladder
going up to this thing and went into this
thing and there was water and it was nice
and she just kind of
had an accident
I like that I like
Asperger detective does it again
it's usually not
as simple as usually more simple
than it seems he's going to come on the show now
yeah he's coming I think May 20th
or something which is actual name so we don't have to
call it asperger detective
Ryan Kraus it's Ryan Kraus
we have confirmation that he doesn't
mind being called that but I think
maybe other people mind him being called
that so yeah we'll start
calling him
Dan I told you I ran into Open Mike Eagle the other day
and he
your tape that you guys made of you rapping
that's going to drop soon so he
wants to come back on the show
yeah it's going to drop soon
I think there's references
I'm like
rapping on that now I'm going
I'm 44 years old and it's
alright
he said at one point you got quite high
he said yeah he goes
Dan went into a pretty dark
place yeah we talked about that on here
I like smoked like a fucking ridiculous
conical shaped joint
like that looked like a sushi hand roll
and like
the only thing I remember
is crying
and Mike
doing things like
behind the other glass and going like
Dan what's going on man
I don't know
just tell me how you feel
tell me what you want
I want black people to like me
why
go
and that's all I remember
so I'm not looking forward to that track
because I'm sure the reason isn't
awesome
I gotta hear this
I say we do a double whammy
we play that track when he comes on the show
and we have Rob's drawing of you
going away
I'm a social media
pinata everyone grab
your candy
I don't want to say I'm
unfireable
alright Jesse Margolis
so
what's the worst city
to overhear things in right now
you've spawned over
New York over London over Dubai
no
not over Dubai
what's by far the worst one
you don't have to answer
yeah I don't know
Milwaukee I would imagine
I overheard Milwaukee
Milwaukee would be challenging
did I ever tell you the overheard thing I heard
in the Morristown, New Jersey
we got a woo from Morristown
or just New Jersey
alright so
she thought better of it
wait isn't you a producer from Morristown
is he
Levy are you from Morristown
you like your cat food fancy
Levy
stupid
are you from Morristown
delicious liver cutlet
oh my god
where are you from in Jersey
Maltville
that's not what you said
he's like a talented
situation
I won't name names in this but
we did an improv show in Morristown
it was a great and lovely theater
and we went across the street to this pub
and restaurant which is probably the theater
and the people that were our servers were lovely
and they were very nice and very polite
and they had their little uniforms on
and then they said hey this restaurant's closing
do you want to come out with us we're going to go to this bar
and we went to this bar
and
so
all these girls that were the waitresses
that this nice little pub
this really hilarious dive bar
that was like just frozen in 1991
and
people were doing the electric slide to Ice Ice Baby
it was fucking weird
and it was really good
and Ryan Stiles was there and this girl
was coming on to him
she's a very attractive younger gal
way more than half his age
way less than half his age
and
we're all leaving and we're going to this other bar
but I had found out that she was there with her
a fiance who was this English
young guy who was very charming and nice
and they're engaged but she is
so overtly trying to nail
Ryan
and we're going to the bar and she's like really just like
hanging on him and propositioning him basically
and I'm like
like saying to like her friend like
her fiance is like right there
like what is she doing and
and she's like I don't know and they're chain smoking
and they're swearing and it's really Jersey it's great
and
when I over here she comes back and like Ryan
it's older like no like I'm married or whatever
and you know I showed him the ring
showed her the ring and I over here
her go oh well you got to be single the fuck
one of you guys
you did tell us that damn
was she going to stop me earlier
I didn't want it took us it's a hard it's like
it's like a parsley teeth thing
it's like when I don't know what to
cut it out of the show then I didn't I didn't
hear this is the first time
you know it must be hard to do over
heard a quiet place
a quiet place
because if they talk they get
ate by monsters
and well but
but but but but
the person that's overhearing it it could be
quietly typing into the Instagram account going
like I heard a guy go like ouch I stopped my
toe
or if the account is just owned
by the things that are eating people there
it's like it's not even like funny
stuff they're just like it's just people
going like
they're just celebrating
hard door over her over her baby
baby spitting
over her sound
of a foam padded
booby hatch in lean
to cabin surrounded by Christmas lights
watch the movie
be a fan
you got the
there's my overheard one yeah I mean it's
it's just for the record verified account
Dan Harmon it's you up on
January 19th
2018 a very dark day this is this
is Leslie Irfins and Nicole Delaney
while we're working on a script I could
hook you up with nerds but it's not like
Rushmore okay they're losers
there that's it so I thought
that was four likes
four likes wait
no I'm just imagining
damn
but the uh I mean
great movie great soundtrack
yeah for sure what it's worth
no I thought she was
she really resonated
because Nicole's a lot younger it's just like
it's like no you don't understand nerds
not nerds like billionaires
well she meant like geeks
like Avengers she meant geeks right
look I have semantics
I don't know I mean look
isn't there a big gap between geeks
and nerds well there used to be
a geek has a big
geek is kind of in like
there used to be a lot of talk about this
which is like nerds are
nerds can look like anything
but like uh
it's about their fascination with specific
topics that makes them socially
unrelatable and then like
geeks are like more like
their IQ can can be
in any range but there physically
there's something wrong
or is there like they have like bad
mannerisms or whatever like they have
a lizard for a pet or something
um yeah
which which makes sense because like geek like
I think it's what's a dork then
I do I do yeah a dork
dork's probably
like just a young nerd
like a puppy nerd
yeah but I would just use them interchangeably
I don't know why I'm I mean now
like like what you're adored I just feel like there was
a vice article about this in 2013
that we would yeah
yeah millhouse says like geeks
are or nerds are good at something
we're like me geeks are just
nerds
when I was growing up they said a dork
was a whales penis you guys
hear about that a dork a dork
a dork be like oh you're a dork and then
they go ha ha that means whales penis
and I never looked at I thought it was a donkey penis
I heard it was just
any penis
I didn't hear like specifically like
if it was a whale penis
right or a donkey penis
it was just just just
a penis is what I
thought like if you call somebody
a dork you're basically
calling them a penis again
is what I thought they rated our animated
film heavy metal the guy
refers to his dork
right maybe that's what the spawn
is you know people don't say anymore
for fucking is pork
oh yeah
European vacation
yes rusty he may
porker
that's for me is the funniest one
I mean that was the defining line of my childhood
yes rusty he may porker
new language that I'm not a fan of
cum gutters don't like
don't want to hear about your
cum gutters what what what
so reference to these like
muscles down here like kind of like
if you're fucking ripped because we've gone
beyond six packs that's not enough it's like
cum gutters are like the kind of angular like
you know muscles it's like
like look at those cum where's the cum
coming from and like what direction that's
the thing that I hate what I hate about
that phrase is that it makes you picture watery
cum
like old cum
just flowing
down but by the time
cum needs a gutter it's gross
cum doesn't by the way
served pipe and hot it's not
fucking
it's not glamorous
but at least it's indicative
of a fucking moment
the idea of it needing a
gutter means it's like been laying
somewhere for five to ten minutes
and it's like oh okay like yeah
who's is it your own so you jerk off
laying on your back like a freak
yeah but oh
I'm a dealer I'm a dealer
hey hey hey hey
and then I guess it's just like it just
makes me picture Brad Pitt in the 90s
and it's just like with cum all over him
and like dripping symmetrically
down each side of his
like I don't want to picture that
I wasn't thinking that at all
what
cum gutters
because they go to your
side so there's just people coming
on your hips
I think it's your own cum
I think it's based on the idea of like
looking off and like he comes on his own
torso and then it's like
these are disgusting people
coming up with these phrases
they're trying to think of the grossest way
to describe something and they're succeeding
something beautiful
and they gotta fuck it up with their gross language
something beautiful Jesus has them
like it's a good fucking like
he's got sweet cum gutters
Jesus
Jesus has sweet cum gutters
there's our title
episode
Brad Pitt has to like eat something
every time he jacks off
I'll take another sandwich
you know what a fucking terrible summer job is
the poor kid that's gotta go clean up
Brad Pitt's cum gutters
I'm here to clean your cum gutters
that's my Brad Pitt impression
I only
can do an impression of Brad Pitt from 12 Monkeys
that's right after that movie is when he started eating
in everything
every movie after that he always has like a bag
of sunflower seeds or potato chips or something
he took a class or something it was like
you should eat something
I'm not I'm not disagreeing
I think it's interesting
he's like checking out those hot cum gutters
he's like here's some potato chips
it looks like your cum gutters aren't gonna last forever
but your choices are
cum gutters
give your character some business
not everyone has cum gutters
you're not gonna be 27 forever Brad
I've seen 12 monkeys
and I don't know what the fuck you're doing
I don't know what he's doing
he keeps looking at us too
I'm hoping some erstwhile
I learned the meaning of the word erstwhile recently
it's not earnest
I'm hoping some earnest
Harmontown fan that has a subscription
will split screen me
doing my Brad Pitt impression
with the clip from 12 Monkeys
and fucking
vindicate me
cause you
you need all 12 Monkeys
we'll fucking rent it
it's a pretty fun movie
this is what overhead cum sounds like
yeah overhead cum
that's right overhead cum
alright well that's gotta be about a whole podcast right
we're close yeah
overhead while having sex is maybe something
that could be something
do you think millennials
are allowed to have problematic sex
I don't know what the word problematic means
well I mean like I think
prone to problems
mixed race millennial couple
if a millennial couple
is crossing like
you have like two different
ethnic backgrounds represented
in your millennial couple
when they're in bed together
do they go to a place
that would get one of them fired if they tweeted
I would hope so too
but they don't have to
if that's not where their heart
where their loins are going
but I fear
I read these articles probably in vice
about how millennials are having less sex
I think it's refinery 29 you're reading
but yeah
I think it is because they're terrified
because it actually is I don't blame them
they're seeing all the
why on God's earth would I exchange
bodily fluids with another human being
that could end up ruining my life
I don't know if that's it
I started having sex in the sort of
90s when
nobody I mean I guess
that's when VR started happening
yeah but like AIDS too
you know I remember being at college
I mean we've talked about this many times
at UC Santa Barbara
and I had like
three summer or four summer
so I never had anything like that and hadn't since
but I was an erotic Jew
and I was just terrified and I drove home
to LA and sat my parents down
and was like I think I just got AIDS
so
that was scary I was scared of sex because of that
I don't think people now are as scared
of it for those reasons I think they're
getting stimulation from a lot of places
I wonder if a role play though in bed
is what I'm saying because a lot of sexual
role play is going to go to whatever the definition
of taboo is and the good news
would be that
the definition of taboo is now
more readily available than ever
because I
personally believe that the human
sexual
kind of organ that is the brain
it only really needs a boundary
to cross in order to get it
it's like if there is
a place to go that you're not supposed
to go the human brain
in a sexual
like
mode it's going to want to
head toward those dark
corners of the room and explore
boundaries and things
and
I find myself wondering
like
does today's 25 year old
when they do their
hologram dating or whatever they do they swipe
left and they swipe diagonally and then
they end up in a relationship where they're
having sex like do they when they're
actually having sex do they then
do they then go a little animalistic
you know
do they conjure situations
anybody out there by applause
I mean do they
stand up
like is it possible to have
that compartmentalization
where you're like look I'm an activist
I believe in like all of these
rights
and things and these microaggressions
and oppressions and things and we have to be
watchful and aware of all these little ways
that we're hurting each other but then with a
partner to like throw it
all away
for the sake of like these genuine
ruts where you're like
let's be sea lions
and just
you know here's who
here's what we're doing
I wonder about that
let's be sea lions
I can't even
riff like examples because I feel like
that's the public world that we're living
today and that's why I wonder
a good thing about that
if you told me yeah but in the bedroom
they're going nuts
like I would do
for these kids great I'm glad for them
I mean I don't know
obviously but
I think that it's more that
you know
I saw an article recently where it was like
80% of all tweets come from
2% of people
wow Bernie Sanders
is going to go crazy about that
the billionaire class
80% of the billionaire class
billionaire class
but
yeah so I think a lot of this stuff is
exaggerated I think there's this you know fear of the public
square and the flogging and all that
but people are actually quite normal
but people are getting fired
they are but I think they're having sex
I think people are more stimulated by
video games or instagram
and that kind of feedback
or social currency excuse me for a second
what the fuck is going on over here
can I get you something
I wasn't on mic I didn't do anything
I'm not bothering you
why do you gotta go get up all in my biz
what are you explaining to
I'm not bothering you
what was he saying to you
what was he saying
somebody had left and he was
I was going what the fuck is going on
oh right
you thought I was talking about you
yeah well it's weird how shit rolls uphill
downhill
that's weird yeah
sorry Jesse
anyways
alright so
let's quit screwing around here let's start the show
we should have like you know what we should have
we don't have to figure it out tonight but what we do need
in the show is like a kind of the mickey mouse club
kind of thing where it's like
it's time to say goodbye
or kind of thing where because it's like how often do we
just like have to you know like
no no no I was going to say
we could sing the microvello theme
did anybody here play piano well enough to
we could make up a little mickey mouse like show under
no damn
alright wow
the deep pool of talent
in our town audience
alright we got a hand right there
you in the corner there what's your name
Sergio welcome Sergio to the piano everybody
oh yeah
thank you Sergio
wow this is a research I didn't think we
yeah this is good
alright Sergio did you want to give him any guidelines
Sergio why don't you
why don't you paint the space right now give us a little jingle
yeah just play us like
like 120 beats per minute
like maybe four chords
Harmontown
it's coming to an ending
we're sorry we weren't intending
to do what we did
it's only a show
we don't write it beforehand
we make it up as we go
it's two
hours of
talking
in a world
that's walking to the edge
of extinction
sorry
hanger
thank you for coming to Harmontown
let's give it up for Sergio
Sergio
we'll make sure he
has the music rights to that theme song
let's give it up for our special guest
Jesse Margolis everybody from
Overheard L.A.
it was called Overheard Times
Rob Schrab everybody
the Overheard Post
find it in your physical neighborhood
Microfellows
wonderful world of cameras
Spencer Crittenden
Armier Comptroller Jeff Davis
your mayor Dan Harmon thank you very much for coming everybody
try fast and take chances won't you
did you get any of that
it's a good show